Update taxpasta/merge to version 0.2.0 and add taxonomy argument (#248)
nf-core/taxprofiler: docs/output.md

  </details>

> By enabling the parameter `--taxonomy` and giving the path to a directory containing taxdump files, the taxon name, the taxon rank, the taxon's entire lineage including taxon names and the taxon's entire lineage including taxon identifiers can be added in the output. Those should be configured through `ext.args` by respectively using the parameters `--add-name`, `--add-rank`, `--add-lineage` and `--add-id-lineage`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By providing the path to a directory containing taxdump files to `--taxpasta_taxonomy_dir`, the taxon name, the taxon rank, the taxon's entire lineage including taxon names and/or the taxon's entire lineage including taxon identifiers can also be added in the output in addition to just the taxon ID. Addition of this extra information can be turned by using the parameters `--add-name`, `--add-rank`, `--add-lineage` and `--add-id-lineage` respectively.
```

  </details>

> By providing the path to a directory containing taxdump files to `--taxpasta_taxonomy_dir`, the taxon name, the taxon rank, the taxon's entire lineage including taxon names and/or the taxon's entire lineage including taxon identifiers can also be added in the output in addition to just the taxon ID. Addition of this extra information can be turned by using the parameters `--add-name`, `--add-rank`, `--add-lineage` and `--add-id-lineage` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By providing the path to a directory containing taxdump files to `--taxpasta_taxonomy_dir`, the taxon name, the taxon rank, the taxon's entire lineage including taxon names and/or the taxon's entire lineage including taxon identifiers can also be added in the output in addition to just the taxon ID. Addition of this extra information can be turned by using the parameters `--taxpasta_add_name`, `--add-rank`, `--add-lineage` and `--add-id-lineage` respectively.
```

etc. sorry missed that bit first time around
